Welcome back.
In this video we're going to refactor some of the code to use E.S. 2015.
We'll start by adding lead and Consta where it would be appropriate.
The word count variable is something that should never be read declared.
So we can use the word Konst here.
As for the rest of the variables we can replace them with LET.
If we want but the most important thing to do is make sure that we're using the letter word inside of
our loops.
So let's see where we're iterating and add the let keyword there.
Now let's add some template strings to make string interpellation easier.
We can do this inside of our set just can't function so that we don't have to worry about small mistakes
with concatenating strings.
Make sure to add some back ticks some dollar signs and curly braces and we're great.
We can also add this in our update function to make sure that the inner text includes the number of
matching letters template strings will almost always make your code easier to read.
So you should strive to use them in almost all scenarios where you're doing string concatenation.
How about aero functions.
You might be thinking let's remove every occurrence of the word function and make everything an arrow
function and you can do that.
But we're going to replace our callback functions with aero functions and see if we can refactor some
code on one line.
So let's do that for our ADD listener callback to the DOM content loaded event and for our Click event
which starts the game.
We can also refactor our start in function to use aero functions as well.
Finally let's refactor our get random values function to use aero functions and place these all on the
one line.
Remember when we use one line of functions we don't use curly braces and the return keyword power here.
We can also add a default parameter value of word count for the values parameter and we can then change
random words to not need to include a second parameter.
We were previously passing in words and a word count.
But since the second parameter is defaulting to whatever word count is we don't need it anymore.
How about the rest operator.
Notice that in our Tuggle classes function we are using the arguments array like objects.
So let's use the rest operator to get the class names we want to toggle.
Instead of worrying about a for loop and starting at one.
Let's just use a for each and toggle the class name.
Since we're using the rest operator the value we get back isn't a read so we can use methods like for
each.
This is a nice way to place our code on one line and make it much much more readable.
One last three factor we can do is to add some array destructuring inside of our shuffle function.
We mentioned that array destructuring is very useful when you need to swap elements.
So let's see what that would look like.
Instead of making a temp variable and doing multiple assignments.
I'll do this all on one line.
A place array brackets and then place array copy at index 1 and array copy at index 2 and assign it
to be an array with array copy add index to an array copy at index 1.
If I run this application everything should be working like before.
We've successfully added Yes 2015 to our application.
If you miss something here feel free to go back and change it.
And if you have any additional refactoring suggestions or questions.
Be sure to let us know.
We're here to help in the next section we'll be exploring more as 2015 features and learning about yes
2016 yes 2017 and some experimental features that will be making their way into the language soon.
See then.